[Music]
hi
i'm divya sharma also known as dr bull
and welcome to
small budget big flavors where i'll be
showing you how to combine great food
and fine dining
all in a cost effective way and today
i'll be making something
absolutely delicious aimed for
university students on a budget
[Music]
i'll be making a peanut butter chicken i
absolutely love this recipe as it's
quick
it's cheap and it requires no fancy
equipment so let's get cooking
so the first thing we need to do is we
need to brown our chicken so i've just
put some olive oil in a pan over
medium-high heat and we're just going to
put our chicken in
and just keep stirring it because you
don't want to burn the chicken you just
want to brown the chicken
[Music]
so now we're ready to make our sauce
i've put the brown chicken aside
and we're just going to use the same pan
i'm going to put some ginger
some chilies
[Music]
and some garlic and give it a really
good stir
just keep stirring making sure that we
don't burn the ginger
because that can burn quite easily
and the next step is to add in our garam
masala just pour that in
and again as before give it a good
really nice mix
and then we're ready for the bulk of the
sauce which is the
coconut milk just
pour that in carefully
give it a quick stir and then we need
our
canned tomatoes in
again give that a nice stir
and the best part the peanut butter just
put that in and just gently break it up
with the back of the spoon
and just keep stirring just to break it
up
it smells so fragrant and so delicious i
can't wait to tuck in with this one
and now we just keep stirring it make
sure all that peanut butter is blended
into the sauce
so now the peanut butter's all melted in
we are ready to cover the pan and then
we simmer it for about five minutes
[Music]
so now we've let the sauce simmer so now
it's time to pour in the chicken
give it a really good stir so all the
chicken is coated in the sauce
and then we just need to sprinkle on
some coriander
and another good mix
and the only thing we need to do now is
just cook it for about 30 minutes with
the lid on
and just maybe check on it every 10 10
minutes or so
[Music]
just look at how delicious this peanut
butter chicken looks
the combination of the coconut milk and
the spices
and the peanut butter just is absolutely
delicious so i'm serving pie with some
rice
but you could also have it with some
crusty garlic naan
also if you have any leftovers which is
highly unlikely
you can just freeze it and save it for a
later date
i just wish i had this when i was a
university student
i'd enjoy
[Music]
you